Implement Pyodide in Python coding modules (#849)
arcus/education_modules: _module_templates/macros_python.md

@version_history 

Previous versions: 

> - [1.1.0](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/3fba6b6cef5cb9477151c3f8c775951712867c12/_module_templates/macros_python.md): Added current_version_description and version_history metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [1.1.0](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/3fba6b6cef5cb9477151c3f8c775951712867c12/_module_templates/macros_python.md): Added current\_version\_description and version\_history metadata
```

<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">Troubleshooting help</b><br>

Variables will persist from one page to the next as you navigate this module using the arrows or table of contents. 

If you reload the webpage, however, all of the cells will reset to their original state and you may need to navigate to an earlier page to re-define some variables.

</div>

@end

@pyodide_readcsv_explainer
<div class = "behind-the-scenes">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">Behind the scenes</b><br>

**Why is the code including `pd.read_csv()` not executable?**

We're running Python in the browser for this module using [pyodide](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/index.html).
For the most part, the commands we would use to run Python with pyodide are exactly the same as the commands you would use when running Python on your own computer, but the one major exception is reading in data files. 

So, we do something a little sneaky with the code here -- we run a set of pyodide-specific commands to read in the data without displaying that code on the page, and then we include a non-executable code box showing the code you would actually want to run to do this on your own computer. 

> If you're curious about pyodide, you can [view this module in its raw format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/pandas_transform/pandas_transform.md) to see the extra code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're curious about pyodide, you can [view our modules, including this one, in their raw format](https://github.com/arcus/education_modules) to see the extra code. 
```
